the funniest moments from the speeches
steve jobs is pretty hard to keep
a demonstration when your general
director make faces on stage by the way
the back of this thing looks much
prettier than many people and these things
terrible and the winner of the first powerbook
stop steve jobs and here i am hi
mom company scaler created yusbi
microscope for mac he's phenomenal he
similar to something else on there is
really a microscope is the sky not
I would venture to bring him home to play with
with my children
and here is the third happy new year you know
such things make me proud
that I am a man that may be more
more beautiful than this
new power mac g4 with can burn sit 9
oh yes and pentium is this we cut the magician
in half who needs his back here
and he is a new mac
ladies and gentlemen and we created
technology in the mail mac vs 10 which
called adaptive latent
semantic analysis and what is it
I have no idea but it works in
We mainly hired low paid
beta testers to test
application all year and here it is in the process
everyone said that we would not add this chip
until this happened from frozen I
click here i can with good ca and already
only then take a call hello
how are you when i got into this business
many people didn't even know how to type
understand that death will solve the problem of these
people we present new
revolutionary product for your ipod
socks are really cool and you can
shove them iphone like this
under will be warm
cold days they protect it and give you
even more individuality
i have here one sticking in my pocket not
think I'm so glad to see you not
here it is long rock they will count the days
the length of the horns
that's what will be there
I have something to say to you today
mac os 10 led a secret double life
I've been here for the last 5 years
error well so we have
spare system
we see that our stock today is a little bit
fell but only the presentation
started i will show you a little
bulge effect color tunnel
really cool when you want
play god and yes and so sure that we
we will spend a lot of work here
time, thank you for a good question
well i'm vertical she scrolls like
smoothly you can scroll 250 thousand
photos in one minute hello i'm steve
welcome to my weekly
podcast super secret rumors about apple
the hottest rumors about our beloved
I have good company sources
in apple
and that's what they tell me next
ipad will be huge with 10 inch
I wanted to tell you about the new screen
a place where you can use your
ipod it was pretty not bad
a guy but once he said the company
apple like a huge hole ship
which is water flowing and my job
is to make the ship move
in the right direction we are coming
postcards and letters from huge
number of people they say itunes
it is their favorite app on windows it
as if in hell give someone a glass of water
with ice
today apple is about to invent
phone again and here it is we are going
use stylus
no no yes who needs a stylus
hi steve this tim i have
last quarter results of our income
made up in short okay let me just
wait until she appears good luck on
presentations good morning this is starbucks
how can i help you yes i would like
order 4000 latina you we are not i'm kidding
your near number thanks bye
clicker does not work well behind the scenes
everyone moved
thousands of accessories for ipad it
incredibly thriving eco system they
announce their products even earlier than
we would like this this device
magic know this because i got
this letter I was sitting in a cafe with my
ipad and girl became interested in me
you can buy it on your phone for
4 dollars 99 cents if we let you
you know you would help me a lot if
you turned off your wi-fi 200 applications
every second and another 200 we never
waged a war with microsoft is possible therefore
and lost and he buys stolen goods
property is engaged in extortion I
sure that sex takes place there is mine
sex life is pretty good
and how are you all right thanks for
question okay don't ask you
must urgently tell me where you are
there is a toilet because I am deadly
should go there at the other end of the room
clear i'm not joking
subscribe to the channel author pixel